[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> What is our
highest potential?
What is the question
you're seeking to answer?
What is that continual drive
within you that you're always
being inspired in the
direction of answering
a particular question?
And for me, it was what
is our highest potential?
It's not about finding heaven
sometime after you leave here.
It's about being able to
create your own heaven on Earth
in your own life, and bringing
heaven to Earth in the way
that you live, in the way
that you treat others,
in the way that you show up.
You're here on a quest.
And I think at this
time, where we're
at is this deep
desire for freedom,
the freedom to be
who we really are.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> All right.
We're here with Sara Landon.
>> Hi, Reuben.
>> Hi.
In your backyard.
What an amazing backyard.
>> How long have you
been in this place?
>> I've been in this
area for a few years now,
in this home for
a couple of years.
So it's just-- it's my
version of heaven on Earth.
>> Absolutely.
It's super cool.
Super cool.
Thanks for having us.
>> We're happy to have you.
>> So you're a channel?
>> Yes.
>> What other titles could
you claim, I should say?
>> Well, I'm a recovering
corporate executive
and entrepreneur.
Came from the business world
as a corporate professional,
and never--
if anyone would
have told me that I
was going to end up channeling
and doing this work,
would I have ever thought
that that was my path.
But I am so blessed and
grateful that it is.
>> In the corporate world,
what exactly were you doing,
or if you don't mind
saying, recovering?
>> So I was in technology,
technology world.
I was in sales, strategy,
vision work, which you know,
actually, is part of
something that you can take
into any and all professions.
But I started off, actually--
we were talking
about it before we
started shooting--
in some influence
and spirituality
very, very young.
But as I got into
my teenage years
and I actually started working
in my family's restaurant
really young, I got very
into personal development,
and more the art and science
of achievement and success.
And I thought that's what
you do in life, you know.
You go to school and you get
a good job and you buy a house
and you live happily ever after.
And so very early on, I started
studying Napoleon Hill and Tony
Robbins and Ryan Tracy
and Jack Canfield
and all these incredible
personal development
teachers that kind of said, no
matter what your circumstances
or conditions, anything's
really possible for you
if you work hard and
take massive action
and have really clear goals.
And so I did that,
and it worked.
And I went through
the corporate world,
and achieving over time all
of the goals that I had.
And I found myself,
at one point in time,
having achieved
exactly what I thought
was the biggest possible
dream for me in my life.
And yet inside, I knew I wasn't
really living my deeper purpose
and was looking
for greater meaning
and fulfillment in
my life, although I
didn't know what that meant.
I struggled with
understanding what I
believed about God and spirit.
And in a short period of time--
I think when you
knock on the door,
it eventually gets answered.
When you start to seek, your
world begins to open up.
And I think I found
that in that journey--
doesn't matter
how far you travel
or what journey you go on-- it
always just leads back to you.
So if you're not happy with
what's going on within you,
and feeling the love and
joy and peace within you,
it's very hard to find it
in the world around you.
So this work ultimately has
been my greatest teaching
and returning to that
truth within myself.
And I remember
the council saying
early on that if you will
just live this wisdom,
you will live a life
beyond your wildest dreams.
And I said, well,
you don't really
get it because I have these
really big, big dreams.
But fast forward many
years now, I can absolutely
say I get what they meant
because through channeling
the council and practicing their
wisdom and living their wisdom
and teaching their
wisdom, I really
do feel like we live
in a wonderful world
at a wonderful time.
Never been a better
time to be here.
And I know so many
people are going
through that journey of going
from the life they thought
would make them happy, not
really knowing what's out there
or what their purpose really is.
But if you will open that
door and ask the questions,
the answers will come.
And there is so much love
and peace and joy and harmony
in this world if you will really
open your heart and allow it.
And that's the basis of all
of the council's teachings.
>> Who is the council?
>> I have no idea.
>> OK.
All right.
Good answer.
>> Which also goes along with,
at some point in time someone
said, you know, when did you
decide you wanted to start
channeling and doing this work?
And I said, I still haven't
decided if I want to do it.
I'm just doing it.
I can't not do it.
It's greater calling.
>> How did it start
for you, then?
>> Yeah, well, to answer
your question, quickly,
on the council.
So they are a consciousness
with a much greater perspective
of who we are and
why we are here
and what we intended when we
chose this life experience.
And when I get in a
state to receive them,
it's really about getting
myself out of the way and just
opening up to the energy and
allowing them to come through.
My consciousness sort
of mixes with theirs
or steps to the side, and a
higher state of consciousness
and awareness streams through.
They don't really
need to be labeled.
They don't really need a name.
And they have said always that
even to label them with any
name-- just as yourself, even
to call yourself Reuben--
>> It's limiting.
>> Or an actor or filmmaker,
any of these things,
we automatically begin
to limit all that we are.
And the basis of
all of their work
is living your highest
potential and what's
really possible beyond
all of this limitation
that we believe in
and agree to live in,
even though we don't have to.
>> How did you come up
with the name for them?
Or did you name them, or where
did the name the council come
from, because even
though it's limiting,
it still has some reference.
>> Yeah.
Very early on, when I started
channeling, my experience of it
was that my voice
was really loud
and they talked through
me very quickly.
I sounded to myself
like a Russian man,
which was very uncomfortable.
And so for a long time,
I called it The Voice.
And it was just a voice
that would speak through me.
And yet when I
really tuned into it,
I was aware that it was
not just a singular being.
They always spoke as we.
And I knew that they were
a collective of beings.
Oftentimes they would say,
we are those most interested
in this conversation here.
They are the higher
selves of everyone
here present that will
ever listen to this.
I do believe that they have--
at times, it's certain
particular collectives.
>> So you feel the energy
shifting from time to time?
>> I do.
Sometimes it's much
more expansive,
and I feel that there may
be more specific groups that
are coming in at that
particular period of time.
And so when I started
calling them the council,
or when I really identified it's
more like a council of beings.
And I saw them.
One particular time when
I was doing a channel,
I was going up the staircase,
and I walked into this room
with these beings that were
just the most beautiful beings I
had ever seen.
And they were sitting
around a round table.
And I walked up, and
there was a chair,
and I took my seat
at the council.
And that's really when I knew
the name was the council.
And that was, for
many years when
I started channeling
the experience I had,
is I would go up
sort of to this place
where I would take my
seat at the council
with these incredibly
amazing beings of light.
And then we would
start speaking through.
>> And you saw that
in a meditation?
And visually you would
see this council sitting?
>> Yeah.
So when I go into channel--
and this has evolved over
the years--
I always say to
people that channel--
or just beginning or having
certain experiences-- we
all have a very unique
perspective and experience.
And it expands over time, or for
many people, becomes more easy
over time.
More you do it,
the easier it gets.
And so for me, when
I first started,
it took me about 15
minutes to actually get
into a channeled state where
the council would come through.
And now it's just a
couple of breaths,
and I can do it for six
or eight hours a day.
So for awhile, when I was
beginning to first channel,
I would do that visualization
process for myself in order
to get into a channeled state.
>> What's a typical
day of Sara Landon?
Like what do you
have for breakfast?
Do you channel first
thing in the morning?
Or how does that work?
Walk us through a day.
>> I wake up at a pretty natural
time, whenever I wake up.
I very rarely have
an alarm clock.
And if I do need to wake
up for a particular thing,
I often wake up a
minute or two before.
And I think our minds have that
awareness to gently, peacefully
awaken us each morning.
And the first thing
I do in the morning,
I just take a little
time to simmer.
I just sort of allow myself--
if there's something that came
in in a dream that I look at.
I just allow myself to simmer.
I think the thing about dreams
is that it will show you
what's still active
in your consciousness,
even if it makes
no flipping sense.
It will show you
what's still kind
of going on unresolved
in your consciousness.
So I think for me, that space of
just simmering a, bit and what
did I dream about/ Then I get
up and I take care of my lovely
animals, who are my
joy, my dog and my cat.
And that just brings
me so much joy.
I usually come
outside and just look
at the sunrise and the trees
and the colors and the beauty.
And then I go work
out, either yoga--
but more often, I run.
I love to run, I love to
walk, I love to move my body.
I feel like, for me,
that's a way I kind of move
stagnant energy out of my body.
I think that's a really
healthy practice,
however that feels good to you.
And I have a wonderful
place here where
I live that I have just this
incredible community of people
that I love to see
every single morning.
And that is as much of my
work as this is-- and none
of it's work-- but showing up
and smiling and connecting.
That part of it, to me--
we get so focused on
my work is my channeling client
or my courses or my Master
Class program.
And yet that is as
important to me,
to show up and be present
and open and allow.
You begin to be able to stretch
time and space so that you're
always where you need to be
when you need to be there,
but giving yourself that
permission to just be.
So I make as much time
as I can for just being.
And I'm not a breakfast person.
So I got into the whole
intermittent eating thing.
It's supposed to be fasting.
I like eating better.
>> Intermittent eating.
I like that.
>> Yes.
I usually have lunch sitting
out on the patio there
that you all were at
earlier and enjoy lunch
with my animals and my place.
And then I do my work
in the afternoon, which
also is part of my perfect day.
You know, I find that I channel
the council so much each day
that that is my meditation.
What I make time
for is to be out
in nature, just seeing things.
I feel like guidance almost
always comes to me in nature.
I can go deeper
into the teachings.
So either walking on the beach
or walking in the hills here
is just a wonderful thing.
And I'm a really good sleeper.
I like to go to bed probably
about 10, and I like sleep.
So ultimately, it's creating a
life that you love every day.
>> So who would you say is
sort of your demographic,
people who gravitate to this
material, to your material?
I sort of have a very
cosmic vibe with my energy
and what I'm putting out there
with the interview with Ed.
Do you have the alien believers
and the cosmic people?
Or is it a little bit
different audience?
>> You know, I know
there's definitely people
in my audience that are
interested in that or study
that.
It's not something that we
talk about much in my work.
And I don't find
it's a lot of people
that ask questions about
that in my particular work.
I think there's
not many that would
acknowledge that
there's definitely
so much more going on here.
But not so much the
alien, UFO, cosmic,
although they're always welcome
if it resonates with them.
I think it's a
wonderful conversation.
But for me, it's
really people that
are wanting to understand
what their purpose is.
Why are they here in
this life experience?
What is their purpose?
What's really going on here?
How do they live a more
meaningful, purposeful life?
And how do they make a
greater impact on the world?
And from the most
limitless perspective,
beyond all the limitation
that we learn here
in this human experience of
prejudice, stress, worry,
separation by either religion
or belief system or hierarchy,
even the whole
sort of former way
of being in a guru-type setting
where the teacher's up here
and everybody else
is down there.
>> Or church-type situations,
religious context.
>> Exactly.
And you know, I'm not
against any religion at all.
Surprisingly to me,
there are people
in all sorts of
different religions
that that follow the work
of the council and my work.
But they have chosen to
stay in their communities
and their family dynamics
because they know
they can be way showers there.
They know they can be
the example of this work
and really live from an open
heart no matter where they are.
So oftentimes they
choose to stay
in those types of situations.
Same with corporate.
People who have
been entrepreneurs
or in the business world,
very similar to where I was.
I compartmentalized my life.
I had my corporate
life and my business,
which was 99% of my life.
But any time I had
a spare moment,
I was reading a spiritual
book or something
about spiritual growth
or enlightenment.
And that was my passion
and my hobby and my joy.
And so it's often people
that are looking for answers.
For me, I kept asking
this question is,
what is our highest potential?
If you think of your life
not so much as something
you're here to learn, or you're
not here to save the world,
you're not here to right
some wrong from the past,
but you're here on a quest.
And it can be wonderful.
It can be joyous.
It can be easy and
effortless and harmonious.
But you're here on a quest.
And if you think
about it more in terms
of what is the question
you're seeking to answer?
What is it that continual
drive within you
that you are always
being inspired
in the direction of answering
a particular question?
And for me, it was what
is our highest potential?
After studying
personal development
and rising to what I
thought was the highest
level possible for me, I
still knew that wasn't it.
I'm grateful for
those experiences.
I learned so much.
I worked with wonderful people.
And yet I still knew there
was more for my life.
And I do think it
is that realization,
your own self-realization.
And while that word we might
be more comfortable with,
a lot of people could accept
that I'm here to self-realize,
but what about being
here for self-love?
Just to just to
experience greater levels
of loving and being loved and
finding the beauty and the joy
in the world.
And so that's the
basis of this work
is that it's not about
finding heaven sometime
after you leave here.
It's about being able to
create your own heaven on Earth
in your own life and bringing
heaven to Earth in the way
that you live, in the way
that you treat others,
in the way that you show up.
And I think at this
time, where we're
at is this deep
desire for freedom,
the freedom to be
who we really are.
And we tend to
identify-- as children,
we start learning that
I'm me and you're you.
So you're Reuben and I'm
Sarah, and if you have my toy,
then that's mine.
And if it is mine, then if I
lose it, it's no longer mine,
and all of a sudden I'm not
happy or peaceful or joyful,
where when you really understand
your connection to all that is
and who you really are, there's
no longer this grasping on.
There's no need to have to
own everything and control
everything.
You can live in that
natural state or flow.
And in that, so much
more opens up to you.
I was very much in a state
of doing all the time,
you know, making it happen.
And that's really what I learned
is if you take massive action
and you work really hard
and you do and you push it
you make it happen, all
that effort, that you'll
achieve your goal but.
For the most part,
anytime we get anything,
we manifest or create anything,
the energy that we put into it
is often the energy
that will result
in the manifestation of that.
So it'll just be
more of the same,
where if you create from
a place of pure love
and joy and peace within
you, and inspiration,
it's a very different feeling.
>> Absolutely.
>> I do think it's important
in that there's so much great
wisdom out there.
You have amazing channels
that are part of your show
that you've spoken to.
And I think, always, the
personality of the channel
is part of the work.
And so to me, the people
that are drawn to this work
are really wanting to live
a grounded, balanced life.
At this point in time, in my
work and in my channeling,
it's about how to create
the best possible life here.
So we can use these
big, galactic words
or spiritual terms.
But how do you really ground
that in your life experience?
To me, it's about
that level of balance.
And while I love exploring all
the different dimensions that
are available to us, it's about
being able to really embody
all of that here and now.
So it's very grounded.
It's very balanced,
and I would say
almost practical spirituality
for living an enlightened life.
And that typically
means people that
are in leadership
positions, people
that are doing great
things in the world
and wanting to make an
impact like yourself
and your team, entrepreneurs,
corporate professionals,
political leaders,
people in education,
and even some forms
of activist work,
trying to do good for the
planet, for the animals,
for the land, for the
water, for the environment.
So I find that the
people that come to me
really find themselves as way
showers in the world, people
that are here using their life
as an example of a better way,
that in the space of freedom,
there is no suffering.
There is no stress.
There is no worry.
And we can lead from that place.
And there's an
evolution, I think,
of that word leadership that
still implies some level, I
think, of separation.
But just realizing that
in your everyday life,
by the way you live,
and by your very being,
you can show others that
a better way is possible.
>> Being the change you
want to see in others.
>> Absolutely.
Absolutely.
And to quote some other--
be the change you want
to see in the world.
But the greatest opportunity is
to start right where you are.
And I think one of
the things I see.
So often is people have
big dreams and big goals
and big ideas,
which is also often
why they're attracted to me
because that's who I am, too.
And I love to think big.
And the council gives us the
grandest perspective of what's
possible for us, really.
And all of that is great.
And don't miss the opportunity
you have every single day
to look someone in the
eye and to smile at them
and change their entire day,
and maybe their entire life.
When people come to me and they
say, I want to write a book,
or I want to create a community,
or I want to do a film,
or start an organization,
all of it's wonderful.
But don't create such a
huge gap from where you
are to where you want to be.
>> Right.
You'll never get started on it.
>> You'll never get there.
You'll never get there.
Find some way, in this
day, to make a difference.
And for most people,
that means really
allowing themselves to show
up and be all that they are.
If you're still afraid that
your light is just too bright,
or that people are
going to reject you--
we talk about fear commonly.
But the general term
of fear doesn't really
get to the root of
what's going on.
And this is not about going
into the past stories.
It's not about going back and
figuring out who wronged you
and who didn't give you
the right information all
the way along the lines.
But it is about understanding
what is keeping you stuck
and allowing that to
come to the light.
And that, sometimes, is
the most difficult part,
is having the courage to see how
your life is showing up exactly
in alignment to
what you believe.
It never fails.
So when you can allow
yourself to see,
oh, I have a fear of
rejection-- and that's
what it was for me in relation
to doing this channeling
work, is I have so many
wonderful family members
and friends that are
very conservative
and still in the Christian
faith, and I love them dearly.
And my fear in really coming
out and being all that I am
was the fear of rejection,
losing the love of the people
that I care most deeply about.
And as the council would
say, it's always a mirror.
It's always-- whatever
is going on out
there is just a reflection of
what's going on within here.
So if you want to live in a more
peaceful, joyful, loving world
around you, you must first
create it within you.
And whatever is being
triggered by someone
around you, or in your
interaction with another,
is always showing you
something within you.
That's not to say that
something's wrong with you,
or you don't speak your
truth or have boundaries,
and say what is and isn't OK
for you in how others treat you.
But the fear that I
was holding myself in
was fear of rejection.
And when I got to the
place within myself where
I really accepted
myself for who I am--
even though part of that meant
admitting to myself and others
that I channel a group of
non-physical beings that is
the most loving, incredible
experience that anyone could
ever have, or certainly
that I've ever had--
but when I decided
with inside of myself
that I accepted
myself, and I didn't
need anyone else to
understand in order for me
to be OK with who I am.
And almost in the
moment that I accepted
that, and I didn't need
anyone else to understand,
I had a very dear family
member who I love say to me,
I don't really understand
what you're doing.
I don't understand this
whole channeling thing.
And this person had no concept
of spirituality outside
of the church.
And that's just where
they are in their path.
Doesn't mean right or wrong.
Doesn't mean we're farther
along or better, just
in a different space.
And I said, that's OK.
It's OK if you don't understand.
It's OK.
>> What was their
answer to that?
>> It was just peace.
It was like, yeah.
And we both agreed we
were just always going
to love each other
no matter what.
And I kind of jokingly
said, you didn't
understand what I did in
the corporate world, either.
You didn't necessarily
understand IT infrastructure
consulting, either.
That's OK.
But the love is always there.
And I think that
that's sometimes--
when our work becomes
our life and our passion,
and people ask what we do, and
they're trying to understand,
when we're doing something
that we consider unique
or on the edge sort of
say, we expect everybody
to understand or get it.
And it's OK if they don't.
It's OK if they don't.
There are the deer.
This is like one of the
greatest joys in my whole day
on a daily basis.
>> And they're
there all the time.
>> Oh, yeah, there they are.
There's one right there.
>> One, two.
There's, like, six
of them in there.
There's a buck.
There's a big buck
in there, and he's
been driving them nuts
because clearly it's
mating season or something.
>> And this is their hangout.
They're here every day.
>> How close have
you gotten to one?
>> Oh, they'll come--
I have picture of
them standing out--
I walk this pretty
much every day.
And I mean, 10 feet away
from me, when I had Kona.
But I love it.
Oh my gosh.
It just makes me so happy.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> What about your
parents and family?
How did they react to all this?
>> Well, so that's
the interesting piece.
I don't think it's any
accident that early
on in my childhood,
my aunt, who--
my entire family was Christian,
and some were more devout
than others.
Some were a little more open
minded and entrepreneurial.
So my aunt had had
a car accident,
and while she was recovering
from her car accident,
had seen something on a
TV program about soulmates
and went to do this
thing on soulmates,
and just opened
her whole life up
to spirituality
and enlightenment.
And she said she just
knew, when she heard
the wisdom, that it was truth.
And she started following
channelers back 30 years ago,
40 years ago.
>> Do you know which ones?
>> So a channel by
the name of Mafu,
and a more commonly known
channel still today by the name
of Ramtha, back many years ago,
which I know you're familiar
with.
>> Very well, yeah.
>> And so we ended up living
with my aunt at one point
in my childhood.
And she shared these videos,
specifically of Mafu, with me.
And the first time
I ever saw it,
heard it, I just
felt like I was home.
I just felt the
deeper truth that we
are more than these bodies, that
we are far more capable than we
have ever been told or ever
learned to be in this life.
So we are more than
just these bodies.
There's so much more
to our experience
than what we are
taught to believe,
and that there's so much
more possible for us,
and that we have this
intelligence and this awareness
that is always available to us
and always guiding us and is
there so we don't lose
our way in this dimension
of density in form.
And that's not a bad thing.
The word density or lower--
densities, I don't mean that
disparagingly in any way.
We're here in form, and we're
perceiving in this body.
We're perceiving
through our senses.
And that's what we
tend to think is real.
When we begin to move
beyond our physical senses
and we perceive from
a grander awareness,
or an extra-dimensional
awareness,
our life opens up
in incredible ways.
And that was the
basic understanding
of what some of these
teachings were, in addition
to past lives and other
forms of intelligence
and all these different things.
But I just knew
that that was truth.
>> And how old were you
when you were hearing this?
>> I was about seven
years old at the time.
>> Wow.
And you could grasp that,
those concepts back then?
>> I could feel the love.
I could feel the love for this
being that I was watching.
And it was a woman who
channeled a masculine energy
by the name of Mafu.
And yet I saw a
masculine energy.
I didn't see the woman.
I saw this energy.
And so my aunt had many
books on spirituality,
and I started reading them
very young, eight, nine, 10.
And I would talk
to her for hours,
and she would share this
wisdom that she was learning
and all these incredible
experiences she was having.
And a lot of them were
based on past life things
that she was tuning into.
And so I was very
open to that, and I
knew it was truth very young.
>> I had kind of the opposite
when I was experiencing Ramtha.
I was in junior high school,
so I was a little bit older.
But I was cringing.
I remember telling my mom,
this is the craziest thing.
Don't include me in
any of this stuff.
Yeah, I did the opposite.
>> Look at you now.
>> I know.
I'm like, aren't you
proud of me, mom?
Look at this.
I'm doing shows on channeling.
It's great.
>> Who would have thought?
>> Yeah.
She's like, you've come
a long way, Reuben.
>> Yes.
Yes.
See, we always find our
way back to the truth.
>> Yes, we do.
>> No matter where we journey
out to, we always find our way
back to the truth.
So along those lines,
I probably was about 10
when I excitedly went to
tell some other members
of my Christian family all
this amazing, incredible wisdom
that I had learned from--
>> From your aunt.
>> This being-- my aunt, and
from this entity named Mafu.
And I remember it very well.
The response was, if
you believe that, you're
going to go to hell.
And so is Sunny.
>> Sunny's your aunt.
>> My aunt.
In that moment, I remember
just shutting it all off.
I remember just--
I see that little girl, and the
entire light of her being just
going off.
And I remember that feeling,
like, oh, this is not safe.
And so I continued
to talk with my aunt.
I continued to listen to her.
I continued to watch and
listen to the videos of Mafu
and read the books, but I just
didn't really talk about it.
And in my teenage
years, I actually
couldn't even use the word God.
I felt so hurt and
judged by what I thought
was the teachings
of Christianity
that I wouldn't even
use the word God.
And yet I knew I was
still very spiritual.
I was living in Montana.
I loved nature.
I loved life.
I knew there was more.
I just was so confused
at that point.
And it felt a little unsafe.
And so when I was 21, my brother
was killed in a car accident.
And my aunt and I happened
to be in the same place,
in Seattle, flying up to Alaska.
And so my very
spiritual aunt and I
flew up together to
my brother's funeral.
And we were in the airplane
talking, and we were happy.
We were laughing, we
were telling stories.
We knew that it wasn't
really an accident.
We weren't mad at anyone.
We weren't blaming.
We were really in
this wonderful state.
And we got off the airplane,
and everyone was so ticked off
about how peaceful
and fun and happy
we were about it because we
were supposed to be upset.
He has died.
Something's gone wrong.
You know, he was
robbed of his life.
And another moment
where you're wondering,
what the heck is going on here?
How did this get
so out of whack?
And when I walked into
my brother's viewing,
it was just our family.
And it was a very
cold day in Alaska.
And you know those chairs
in a high school auditorium,
the metal folding chairs?
That's what was set up there.
And it was heavy.
I could feel the heaviness
of the grief and sorrow
in everyone that was there.
And I walked up to my brother's
body, and I touched it.
And it's the first time
I'd seen a dead body.
I was shocked at
how cold it was.
And so I went and sat down.
And after a couple of minutes--
not really sure how
long I sat there--
this feeling went
through my body.
And it started at
the top of my head,
and I can only describe it to
you, Reuben, as liquid love.
And it just started
at the top of my head,
went all the way
through my body,
and I was just in a state
of pure bliss and peace,
this eternal sort
of peace feeling.
And I could feel
it all around me.
And I heard my brother say
as clear as day over my right
shoulder-- his body was
on the left side of me--
I'm still here.
I'm just not in there.
And I said back, where
are you, in my head.
And he said I'm just
as here as I ever was.
I just left the
density of the body.
And no one goes anywhere.
I'm just at such a frequency
your eyes can't perceive me.
But I'm not gone,
and I'm always here.
So that went on for many years.
And I never told
anyone except my aunt
because I, again, was afraid
of the rejection of others
who wouldn't have
really liked that I
was in a peaceful state
about his passing.
And he explained there
are no accidents.
He explained that he came
in and was here to love.
And so that was really my
first conscious awareness
of communicating with something
beyond our normal senses,
a extra-dimensional perception.
>> And what did your aunt
say when you told her?
>> Oh, she was--
>> Happy, excited.
>> Happy, and had some
experiences with him herself,
and very much understood that.
However, I just wanted
to go back to my normal--
whatever that is-- life.
And I didn't say much
about it except to my aunt.
I went back to my
corporate world
of achieving goals and being
successful and buying the house
and all the stuff, right?
And then, a few years
later, I started
having these experiences in
the middle of the night where
I would wake up
and I had to write.
It almost said, grab a pen.
And I would grab a
pen and I would write.
Or I'd turn my phone on and
I would write in the notes
section of my phone later on.
And it was this energy
that came through.
And I was just translating it.
I was literally
just writing it down
as fast as I was hearing it.
And I would read it
the next morning,
and it was the most
incredible wisdom
beyond anything I had
ever experienced before.
And it was the answers
to all the questions
that I had that no one else
could answer for me yet,
at that point.
Like what is our
highest potential?
And what really is going on?
And why do bad things happen?
And these incredible
answers came through.
And I realized at that
point that something else,
some other awareness
was speaking through me.
It wasn't coming from my head.
>> What time of
the night was this?
>> It was almost always
like 1:00, 2:00, 3:00 AM.
Most of the time, it was,
like, 3:00 AM to 5:00 AM.
And then I would just
go right back to sleep.
And I was never tired
the next morning.
I'm a good sleeper.
I'm a good eight,
10, 12 hours of sleep
if I get it in person sometimes.
But I would wake
up and felt like I
had a complete night's sleep.
>> And this was during
your corporate world, too.
So you had to perform
and do your thing.
>> It was probably during one
of the most stressful times
of my corporate life.
And I think that is sort of
the resistance of when you're
in such resistance and
stress, the second you just
let go a little bit, you feel
who you really are again.
But you don't have
to get to that level
to feel into those higher states
of awareness and vibration
that are here, or
getting into a frequency
where you allow more of
your multidimensional self
to be known by you.
And so a series
of events happened
after that, which felt like
coming to the end of myself.
It felt like the life that I had
spent so long building was sort
of crumbling before my eyes,
and yet some part of me
was really calm and
peaceful about it.
And while it felt like
everything was falling apart,
there was just this
deeper awareness.
And certainly the wisdom
that was coming through
in the channeled
writing was that it
is going to fall into place
if you just trust and allow
and be in a state of grace.
There's a lot less doing needed
here, and all of those things.
But when you have learned to
work hard and effort and all
of that, to go to the state
of being and allowing--
and I get this often.
It's like, what
does that even mean?
How do you do that?
So, again, you're back in
the how do I do it stage.
You're still trying to do it.
>> How do you do the non-doing?
>> Exactly.
I've been working
really hard at allowing,
is what I hear oftentimes.
So after a series of changes
in my life that I knew
were not aligned to my truth,
I just didn't know what was,
and I didn't want
to hurt anyone.
I was in a marriage
at that time.
I was in a business
I was living in a different
state at that time
with wonderful friends.
But I also knew
there was more, and I
knew there were greater
experiences that I
wanted to have in my life.
And so I made a lot of changes.
I was moving in a
particular direction.
I didn't know where I was going.
And the council would
say, what brings you joy?
People want to be free.
They want to be free
to be who they are
and do what they want to do.
And they have all of
these ideas and ways
that they like to
create, and passions
that they want to pursue.
But they feel that they're stuck
and unable to do those things,
and they don't have
the freedom to do them.
And yet what the
council will often
ask is, what brings you joy?
And people almost always
say the same things.
Nature, animals, their loved
ones, music, dancing, cooking,
creating, reading, the
ocean, the mountains, hiking.
So people will say
travel sometimes.
But for the most part, the
things that bring you joy,
we could all do today.
We just don't think we have
the freedom to do them,
so we don't.
And that's how we
hold ourselves stuck.
So the first step is
really get clear on what
things bring you joy, and
start doing those things.
For me, it was nature,
it was the ocean,
it was having conversations
like this with people.
It was spirituality
and consciousness.
And that's what drove me,
being with other people
and feeling that deep
sense of connection.
And so I just began to move
in that direction, whatever
that meant.
And we can never logically
figure out the path.
It's not designed that way.
And the council would
say, divine orchestration
is always out ahead of
you, orchestrating things
on your behalf.
If you will just
follow your joy,
if you will just do the
things that really bring you
into the moment,
it'll all come to you.
And in that state of being, all
things are done through you,
and so I just moved in
that direction each time.
And I took some windy roads, a
little off path here and there,
but ultimately it all came
back to this experience
of channeling the council.
And it started with a
meditation, a visualization,
kind of hypnosis
practice of getting
in touch with your higher self.
So at that time, I had
started meditating.
>> Up until then you hadn't
really been meditating?
>> I didn't have time, Reuben.
You know, I was so busy doing,
I didn't have time to do that.
And so I started
meditating, but not
with any type of
real structure, just
taking a few minutes each day
to notice that I was breathing,
that I was peaceful.
And I think running
can be a meditation,
swimming can be a meditation,
walking can be a meditation.
Drawing or writing
can be a meditation.
It doesn't always have to be a
close eyes, particular position
that you put your
hands and feet.
Whatever it is that just allows
you to open up a little bit.
And so the first
time the council
came through, as I told you,
it sounded like a Russian man.
>> This was in a
meditative state?
>> Yeah, it was a bit of a
hypnosis state that was being
recorded.
And the basis of
that hypnosis was
to get in touch with
your higher self.
It was based on the
quantum hypnosis healing
techniques of Delores Cannon.
>> Yeah.
Done a few of those.
Wonderful work.
And so the question was,
do we have permission
to talk to Sara's higher self?
And so I said yes.
And this went on
for a little bit.
And then all of a sudden
this energy just came in.
And I felt it go into my body.
And it just spoke
really, really loud.
It didn't pause.
It didn't um.
It didn't miss a beat.
And it always said we.
We are here for this.
We love you.
We are here guiding you.
And at the end of it-- it
had all been recorded--
I realized it was the same
energy that was coming through
in the writing.
And it was just finally time
to move into that space and--
>> Give it a voice.
>> Very cool.
>> Yeah So even after the
voice started coming through,
I didn't consider
myself a channeler.
I wasn't trying to channel.
I was looking for
answers to more so what
my soul's purpose
was, why am I here,
what am I supposed
to do with my life?
How do I get this
right sort of thing.
And so the content
that came through
was really based
on those things,
and even sort of
what I would consider
as the next evolution
of the Law of Attraction
because a big part of my
questions at that time
were based on this idea
that, hey, I did everything
that I was supposed
to do here, especially
by the Law of Attraction.
Look out there at what you want.
Take a picture of it.
Put it on a vision board,
and you can manifest it,
and then you'll be
happy sort of thing.
And a lot of my
questions were about that
because I had these dreams
and hopes and desires.
And yet they didn't really
feel aligned with my soul,
and I didn't really know
what my soul's desires were.
And so as I listened back to the
information that came through,
I really realized
that these were
the answers I was looking for.
And as I began to share
this work with other people,
or this experience of
what was happening, just
for a couple of people
where it was really safe,
they wanted to talk
to the voice, too.
And so I had a few
really close friends
that started to talk to the
council and ask questions.
>> And you're able to
self-hypnotize yourself
in a way?
Or how did you get into that?
>> Yeah.
It was a progression for sure.
When I first started channeling,
I had to lay down on a bed,
and my eyes were closed.
It had to be really dark,
and nobody come in for, like,
15 minutes.
And then when you come in, you
turn the voice recorder on,
and I'll be in channel,
hopefully, by then.
As it has progressed,
then I was sitting up.
Then I could turn
the recorder on.
And now it's just a couple
of breaths and they're in,
and you feel it
when they recede.
I can feel when they recede, but
they don't really go anywhere.
And having done
this for many years
now, and done so many sessions
and workshops and courses,
their energy's never
really far away.
They're here right now.
It's just me and you
talking versus me
sort of moving my consciousness
into a different space
to allow that to come through.
And so I started sharing the
voice with some people that
had questions of their own.
And I really saw where it
was this incredible wisdom
that we are all love.
The truth of who we are is
love, that everything really
is always working out for
you, that life is happening
for you, not to you, that you
are capable of so much more,
and that when you really
find peace within you,
you will find peace
around you, that you're
the only one who
can hold yourself
in either suffering
or a state of freedom.
And none of the teachings
are really complicated.
They're actually simple.
And I think that's why most
people have to practice them.
The council says
there are basically
three playgrounds where we're
learning to master our power.
And almost all the questions,
for a long period of time,
were based on health--
how do I heal this pain
or disease in my body,
or some sort of
imbalance of their body,
not feeling their best,
wanting health and well-being.
The other one was money and
finances, wanting more money,
either not having
the money to do
what they are feeling
inspired to do,
or wanting to make
changes in their lives
and feeling like they have
all these responsibilities
and so they can't do
what they want to do
until they have more money.
And relationships.
You know, how to have a better
marriage, how to find the one,
how to create more
connection in their lives.
So those were really
the three places,
for a very long period of time,
that I would get questions
about--
health, finances,
and relationships.
And I would also put success
and purpose in there.
What is my purpose, often,
and success go hand in hand
with some of the money stuff
or aligning all of that.
I think now the
questions have also
evolved towards that bigger
picture of what is the highest
perspective for us?
It's no longer trying
to fix a problem, like I
want to fix my health, I
want to fix my relationship,
I have to fix my money problem.
It's more of realizing
that all of those things
exist in a dimension of density.
So speaking of
extra-dimensional,
we have an aspect of us that
is in all different sorts
of dimensions and consciousness.
There's aspects of us in
multiple different dimensions
of awareness and consciousness.
We're most focused here.
But even here, we have different
dimensions of consciousness.
It's not a different place.
It's a different
state of consciousness
that is based on where
your frequency is.
And so if you are
in a place where
you are feeling that there's
lack, there's not enough,
you're feeling powerless, you're
feeling separate from even
the solution to your problem
or the answer to your question,
or you're in judgment,
you are holding yourself
in a dimension of
consciousness that feels
really heavy, really isolating.
There's not enough,
and it's a struggle.
So you can even see
this in someone.
If someone walks
into the room, you
can see with your
physical senses
the state of
consciousness they're in.
If their shoulders
are shrunk down,
and they just look
frazzled and overwhelmed,
and they've just got
this frown on their face,
they're in a heavier state of
consciousness or awareness.
The thoughts that come
to us from that place
are what exists in that
mass conscious collective
at that state.
So you just get
more of the same.
And people don't realize
they have the opportunity
to step into higher
states of consciousness,
and that when you do that,
more and more opens up to you.
The greater awareness you
have, the greater potential,
the greater possibilities.
The more you expand
your consciousness,
the more your life
expands, and the more that
becomes possible for you.
So a lot of the
work now, which I
think is always
and ever-evolving,
is around this understanding
of different states
of consciousness.
And again, I always go
back to the question
of what does that have
to do with my life today?
So we have been moving through--
I think a great
majority of people
that are on this path
to greater awareness--
we've been moving through
sort of the next state
of consciousness, which is
the state of transformation.
Healing, transformation,
figuring it out,
realizing that no matter
what your circumstances are
or what conditions
you find yourself in,
that you can change them.
You can use your thoughts,
your focus, your energy,
your awareness, and
create an outcome
that is wanted no matter what
the current circumstances are.
We're opening up to that.
We're becoming
more aware of that.
That's a state of consciousness.
It's a higher state
of consciousness
than that state of separation
and lack and heaviness.
Again, you and I can be
sitting in the same room,
and I can be in fear and
stress and overwhelm,
trying to figure it all out,
feeling separate from all
of the answers that
I need to have,
and how do I figure this out.
And you can be sitting
there in a state
of knowing that wherever
I am, that things are
going to work out for me.
So we're not in a
different place.
We're just in a different
state of consciousness.
And hierarchically,
it's not better.
You're not more worthy
than someone else
because you're in a different
state of consciousness.
You might be living
a much better life.
>> Or more relaxed, yeah.
>> You might be a lot
more joyful and relaxed
and peaceful, and you might find
your relationships to be much
more loving and harmonious.
But it's not about them
doing anything wrong.
So now we're in
this time where I
think we are exploring what
it's like to access higher
dimensions of consciousness,
and to be able to bring
them here and now,
in this moment,
to have that experience of
an even greater sense of joy
and peace and love in our lives.
And in that, we feel
that sense of oneness.
We are not separate.
What grief feels like to
you feels the same to me.
There's not separation.
And we find our
connection in love.
So evident to me, s
being in this place.
I find joy in the trees.
I find joy in the birds.
I find joy in the butterfly,
and just having people
here experiencing this
just sacred space.
And each day truly is more
joyful and more beautiful.
And where we are
right now, I believe,
is this deeper desire to
express ourselves more fully.
We have expanded
our consciousness.
We have expanded our awareness.
d And for most people,
they're ready to start living
the next chapter of their life,
and it's an extraordinary one.
And so what keeps us stuck?
And I think that's where a
lot of people are right now,
is there's a lot of
information out there.
And if you're constantly
seeking out there for it,
you'll find that people
interpret it differently.
People are in
different stages of how
they perceive that wisdom.
And there's a real balance
of gaining greater awareness
and consciousness,
and then allowing
yourself to really live it
and integrate it in your life,
never giving your power
away to anybody out there.
Make sure you feel
that alignment.
Now it might mess with
your belief system.
That's different.
That level of feeling a little
uncomfortable is different.
When you have that little
intuition that says,
this is right for me, or
this isn't right for me,
trust that and follow that.
But intuition, it's not about,
oh, I got this idea year ago,
and I'm just going
to go with it.
Intuition is a thing you
check in with every day
and every moment, all the time.
What feels right now?
We are feeling
beings, so the truth
is going to come
to us as a feeling.
And being present in the moment,
you'll always know by the way
that you feel, what
your next step is.
But with all this
information out there,
sometimes something
that we hear really
triggers us because we
are remembering something,
and yet it really messes
with our belief system.
And that's perfect.
It's OK.
Let it, because the belief is
going to come to the light,
and that's what
it's intended to do.
The difference is, when you
get triggered by something,
this is where all
of this work, to me,
really makes a
difference in your life.
When you become more
conscious and aware,
when you have more
awareness of your own power
and the ability to just put
some space around yourself,
sometimes that
extra-dimensional part of you
is the part of you that can
be so present in the moment
that you can put some
space around yourself,
and you can literally
move beyond that feeling
of time and space.
But time and space--
you're not moving
through time and space.
Time and space is
moving through you,
and you can let it flow through
you without reacting to it.
And when you find yourself
triggered by something, either
that you hear, someone
says, or in a relationship,
it's that ability to hold
a compassionate space
for yourself as you
have the courage
to see how this belief has
created the circumstances you
have in your reality
right now, and why you're
in the circumstance you're in.
There's some belief there.
And people often, I think,
want to jump over that stage
or skip over that stage.
>> Nobody wants to take
responsibility for the crap
they're in.
>> And yet it is so liberating.
It's actually hilarious
and fascinating.
And you get to this point
where you're like, oh, wow,
I've been doing that
for the last 20 years.
And it's so perfect because
my belief was so strong
that it had to be
my truth, and I
had to continue to
attract that to me.
So when we can find that
courage and compassion
to see those beliefs and allow
them to come to the light,
and then you, from
your place of being
a sovereign being in your
power aligned to that master
that you are, you can
then choose whether--
for some people, and
I've seen this happen,
they see how a
belief has kept them
from releasing a
disease in their body.
The council would say no one
would ever intentionally create
or manifest disease
or pain or suffering
or financial devastation.
We would never consciously,
intentionally create that.
And so oftentimes, we get
stuck in shaming ourself
for we think we should
have had this figured out,
or we think we should
be more powerful.
>> Especially people who have
been on the spiritual path
doing this work for awhile.
And they tend to be the
hardest self-judging.
>> And shame and guilt are the
heaviest of all emotions that
we carry.
That often is what
keeps us in those lower
dimensions of consciousness.
And so this particular
person had this pain,
and she really wanted
to get rid of this pain.
And she did feel a lot of
shame for having it, and guilt.
And she had a situation
where a family member came.
And she couldn't
go see the family
member because of this pain, and
she was really upset about it.
And the council said, did
you really, really, really
want to go?
And after she got to the bottom
of it, she was, like, no,
not really.
And she realized that the
pain was the thing that
gave her permission to say no.
I don't want to do that.
It was easy to say I can't
because I have this pain
and I don't feel OK.
>> Permission slip.
Excuse.
>> And she really
had this epiphany,
and it was a beautiful moment
that we all got to be a part
of in my master's class
group, where we saw it.
We saw the belief, why
it was still there,
that the pain gave
her permission
to not do all these things
she felt like she had to do.
And the council said, do you
believe you have the power
to say no without it?
And she said, no, I'm not ready.
And that's OK.
>> She's being honest.
>> It's beautiful.
It's so beautiful.
And then we began to see
the perfection in it all.
And there's so many
examples of this,
and I certainly can
say in my own life,
it's almost a daily basis where
I become conscious of something
that is a belief I picked up.
And you may still choose to
agree to play by those rules
and carry that belief.
But there's something very
empowering and liberating
about being able to see it.
And that, I do believe, takes
compassion, a great amount
of compassion for yourself, and
not going into self-judgment,
not going into shame and
blame and feeling guilty,
and allowing that
to come to the light
so that it can be
something that you
change if you choose
to do, or rebalance,
if you choose to do that.
I think an important
thing I would say
is when you're on this
path to really discovering
who you are, or better said,
remembering who you really are,
everything shows up along the
way, meaning people, resources,
connections, opportunities.
But I would not be sitting
here today without the people
on my path that showed up and
guided me to the next step
or walked with me to the next
town, we think of this journey.
And some of those people
are still in my life,
and some of those people
came into my life for a time.
And I've also seen that
with my journey and people
that I helped them
to a particular step,
and then they moved
forth from there.
But when we really know how
guided we are from all sides,
that divine orchestration
is always out ahead of us,
orchestrating things
on our behalf, which
means putting the right
people in our path,
putting the right
opportunities in our path,
putting the resources
there so we always have
everything we need and more.
>> Well, I look forward
to speaking to the council
tomorrow.
And how do people find you?
Your website?
>> Saralandon.com.
S-A-R-A-L-A-N-D-O-N.
>> Perfect.
Easy enough.
Cool.
Well, thanks, Sara.
This has been awesome.
Can't wait till tomorrow.
>> Yes, me, too.
Thank you.
>> All right.
Hugs.
>> Awesome.
>> Thank you.
So good,
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> When you are in a
state of pure love,
your well-being and
abundance is assured. .
You have everything
you need and more.
Everything works out you're
in a state of allowing,
or in a state of
grace, which is being
open to receive in the moment.
We are feeling
beings, so the truth
is going to come
to us as a feeling.
And being present in the moment,
you'll always know, by the way
that you feel, what
your next step is.
I think we're here to realize
that greater master within you,
and then allow your
life to be everything
you intended it to be,
which is a grand adventure.
It's a grand adventure.
And where do you go from here?
To the next grand adventure.
And what are we
going to do tomorrow?
We're going to have the
next grand adventure.
Where we are right
now, I believe,
is this deeper
desire to express,
a deep desire for freedom, the
freedom to be who we really
are.
[MUSIC PLAYING]